BGP Default Policies README.md (#2272)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/bgp/policybase/otg_tests/default_policies_test/README.md

# RT-7: BGP default policies

## Summary

Following expectation for default-policies at the peer-group and neighbor levels
*   Default import and export policies are expected to be functional for both IBGP and EBGP peers when policy definition in the policy chain is not satisfied.

> *   For IBGP and EBGP peers, when no policy is attached, actions defined in the default-policy (when one exists) should apply.

Reviewer: Let's assert that for eBGP we require [RFC 8212](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8212.html) compliant behavior where all routes are rejected for import and export if NO policy is applied to the (neighbor, peer, afi/safi).

Let's assert that for iBGP we require all routes are accepted for import and export if NO policy is applied to the (neighbor, peer, afi/safi).

Add TODO for OC clarification to confirm the eBGP behavior and reference https://github.com/openconfig/public/issues/981
Add TODO for OC clarification to confirm the iBGP behavior and reference https://github.com/openconfig/public/issues/981

> *   Default import and export policies are expected to be functional for both IBGP and EBGP peers when policy definition in the policy chain is not satisfied.
> *   For IBGP and EBGP peers, when no policy is attached, actions defined in the default-policy (when one exists) should apply.
> *   For IBGP peers when no policy is attached including the default-policy, default should be import and export all BGP routes.
> *   For EBGP peers when no policy is attached includign the default-policy, default should be to disallow import and export of all BGP routes.
> *   In all the above cases, BGP default-policy is applicable only to the BGP learnt routes or the routes that are redistributed in to BGP from other protocols. Import/Export of routes from other protocols should be governed by their respective policies and should not either be exported or imported based on the actions of the BGP default-policy.

Reviewer: Let's assert that for eBGP we require [RFC 8212](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8212.html) compliant behavior where all routes are rejected for import and export if NO policy is applied to the (neighbor, peer, afi/safi).

Let's assert that for iBGP we require all routes are accepted for import and export if NO policy is applied to the (neighbor, peer, afi/safi).

Add TODO for OC clarification to confirm the iBGP behavior and reference https://github.com/openconfig/public/issues/981

```suggestion
*   For eBGP peers, when no policy is attached all routes should be rejected for import and export per [RFC 8212](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8212.html).
    *.    TODO: OC clarification to confirm the eBGP behavior, https://github.com/openconfig/public/issues/981

*   For IBGP peers when no policy is attached including the default-policy, default should be import and export all BGP routes.
    *    TODO:  OC clarification on iBGP behavior, https://github.com/openconfig/public/issues/981

```
